README:

VDrift is a car racing simulator for multiple platforms. It is an open source project licensed under GPL v3 that can be modified under the terms of this license.
Project's Homepage: http://vdrift.net/
Documentation: http://wiki.vdrift.net/Main_Page
Source repositories: https://github.com/VDrift
Data repository: http://sourceforge.net/projects/vdrift/


HARDWARE:

VDrift requires a relatively fast CPU. A 2 GHz or better clock speed is recommended, although it should be possible to run VDrift with a 1 GHz or better CPU.
On a typical run, VDrift might consume 300 MiB of memory space. 512 MiB of memory may be sufficient on some operating systems. 1 GiB or more is recommended, and required for larger tracks.
VDrift requires a recent nVidia or ATI graphics card. A nVidia GeForce 7-series or better (or the equivalent ATI card) is recommended in order to enable all the visual effects. By reducing or disabling some of the display options, it should be possible to play VDrift with a nVidia GeForce 2 or better. Users should install the newest version of the device drivers for their graphics card to run VDrift. Intel graphics cards are not supported.


DEPENDENCIES:

Make sure you have all the required libraries and build tools. Make sure you also have the development files for each of the libraries.

The required build tools include:
	premake4 - This tool will generate project files wich will suit your needs.

The required libraries include:
	libsdl - Simple Direct Media Layer
	libglew - OpenGL extension utilities
	sdl-gfx - Graphics drawing primitives library for SDL
	sdl-image - Image file loading library for SDL
	vorbisfile - File loading library for the ogg vorbis format
	libvorbis - The Vorbis General Audio Compression Codec
	Boost C++ Libraries (header-file-only)
	ASIO C++ Libraries (header-file-only)
	bullet C++ Libraries (BulletCollision, BulletDynamics, LinearMath)
	libcurl - For managing data download from the net.
	libarchive - API for managing compressed files.

Your Linux distribution may have different package names and/or bundled differently. The list above should give enough information to search for applicable packages within your distribution's package manager.
For Ubuntu, all the required packages may be installed using this command:
sudo apt-get install g++ scons libsdl-gfx1.2-dev libsdl-image1.2-dev libsdl-net1.2-dev libvorbis-dev libglew-dev libasio-dev libboost-dev


COMPILING AND INSTALLING:

For compiling you'll need to download the source code package and your platform dependencies.
For downloading the source code from the repository execute "git clone https://github.com/VDrift/vdrift.git".
After this change your directory to the root of the sources "cd vdrift"
Donwload your platform dependencies:
- Windows: svn co 
- Mac OS: svn co
Once everything is downloaded use the command "premake4 --help" to see what project files do you want to generate (codeblocks, gmake, xcode3...).
Type "premake4 <action>" and your project files will appear in a folder under the name of "build".
Use your favourite compiler or ide to modify or compile the game.
